Level 1: Play the Simon Game

1.	a) 5
b) 3
c) The game is addictive, the game looks kind of boring, the game is really hard after certain period of time. It is a simple and a great game to pass your time when you have nothing to do.
d) The game is like modern computer games because they take input. On the computer you have four options to play it, you can control the game with a controller or use the keyboard keys.

2.	a) The game uses two buttons to make the game work and a computer chip.
b) The game output feedback to the players, using sound and lights.
c) The game options for starting the game are to button and 2 modes.
d) If you press wrong button you lose the game and your start over again.

Level 2: Simon History

1.	a) Ralph Baer is the creator of the game.
b) The Simon game was based off Atari’s Touch Me Game.
c) The first System game was Magnavox Odyssey.
d) There is a total of 28 games.

2.	a) Nintendo Entertainment System.
b) Old games were stored on cartridge; modern games are stored on the device storage. Also, they have many lines of code compared to the older games.
c) They have game loops.

Level 3: Inside the Simon Game

1.)	a) MB4850 Microprocessor, MB Simon PCB.
b) The 4 Buttons.
c) Speaker and LEDs.
2.)	The programming logic uses a lot of true and false statements. People have recreated the game using JavaScript` which is a programming language from the web.
3.)	Similarities: They both use a computer chip, use to play the game, they both
have the same ability to play, (4 buttons and 4 clicks). 
Differences: The Simon game is a very classic game made from 1978. Modern games features are like having to play with multiple players. However, the Simon game only has a feature you can only play single player no other players can play unless you lose the game and you give some lese try for their self.



4.)	Similarities: Simon game is more basic game, whereas modern games they are more fun to play, and they have many other features that are better than the Simon game.
Differences: The Simon game is a very normal game. Whereas modern game is more adventure, action, sports, thinking, strategy, racing and shooting.  










     



