1.) Research about “Terms of Service Agreements” and identify at least 3 main features of a terms of service agreement.
	- Disclamers and Liabilities
	- Accountability
	- Privacy policy

2.) Review the GitHub terms of service. (https://help.github.com/articles/github-terms-of-service/)
	a.)	Are you permitted to use this software for this class? Copy and highlight the section that conforms this permission.
		Yes I am permitted to use this software for this class. 
		
		"You must be age 13 or older. While we are thrilled to see brilliant young coders get excited by learning to program, we must comply with United States law. GitHub does not target our Service to children under 13, and we do not permit any Users under 13 on our Service. If we learn of any User under the age of 13, we will terminate that User’s account immediately. If you are a resident of a country outside the United States, your country’s minimum age may be older; in such a case, you are responsible for complying with your country’s laws."
		
	b.)	What rights do you give up by using this software?
		Any content that I post using this software, github has rights to display and share the content. In addition, github has the
		right to close accounts and delete content.
		
	c.)	What limitations do you have when using this software?
		Github is not responsible for any damages that occur from you using this serivce and they are not responsbile if the user
		is not capable to use this software.

3.) Research about "Privacy Policy Argreements" and identify at least 3 main features of a privacy policy.
	- Protection of the user's privacy
	- Treatment of user's private data
	- How users' private data is stored

4.) Review the GitHub privacy policy. (https://help.github.com/articles/github-privacy-statement/)
	a.) What information does GitHub collect and track?
		Github collects cookies and web server logs, these are the basic things that most websites collect. Github records all visitor's
		web browser that they are viewing the website on. They have the information that the user used to create their account.
		
	b.) How does GitHub share your information? Copy and highlight the section that talks about information sharing.
		"We do not share, sell, rent, or trade User Personal Information with third parties for their commercial purposes."

	c.) How does GitHub communicate with you?
		Github communicates with you through the email that you provided when creating the account.

5.) Explain how a "Privacy Policy" is different from a "Terms of Service" agreement.
	A privacy policy is different from a Terms of Service agreement because a term of service is the guidlines and rules of the website
	that the user should follow. A privacy policy is a document that discloses to the user what information is being collected by the
	website.
	
