1.) Research about Version Control Systems for software developement and list at least 4 main features of a VCS.
	-Keeping track of every revision to the code in the database
	-Able to revert back to previous versions of the code without disrupting work flow
	-Mulitple team members working simutaneously on the code
	-Structured work flow

2.) Explain why professional software developers use a VCS and why it would be helpful in this course.
	Professional software developes uses VCS because it allows a team of developers to be working at the same time enabling maximum 
	work efficiency. And it has the benefits of reverting back to stable verions of code in case of a mistake. A VCS would be helpful
	in this course because it allows students to collaborate on group projects such as programming a game.

3.) Explain the term "Collaboration" and how GitHub will alow you to collaborate with your teacher and other members of your work group.
	Colloration means everyone is working to complete a goal at the same time. GitHub can allow students to collaborate peers and the 
	teacher on a project and every member can work on the project simutaneously.

4.)	Explain the team "Backup" and how Github will help you backup your work files.
	Having a backup is a a fail-safe when the file is corrupted or lost, it is an extra copy of the file. GitHub VCS can be used as a
	backup for project files.

5.) Explain the term "Version Control" and how GitHub version control will be useful in this course.
	Version Control is keeping previous versions of the project structured and organised. GitHub version control will be useful by 
	organising previous versions of teh project code in a timeline. Making it easy for the user to find what version they need access to.

6.) Explain the term "Distributed Access" and how GitHub distributed access will be useful in this course.
	Distributed Access is when all members of the project has access to the project files. GitHub would allow students to give access to
	a repository to collaborate for a project.
