1.) In their terms of service, Facebook is basically saying that the user's data could be used by Facebook.

"For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (IP content), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your privacy and application settings: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Facebook (IP License). This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it."

"We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Facebook, but you understand that we may use your feedback or suggestions without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them)."

2.) Cambridge Analytica is a british political consulting firm that uses data analysis for electoral process. They have been accused of majorly influencing the 2016 American election by misusing the information of 50 million Facebook users. They are on the news because the 2016 election was a huge event and since they influenced the results of the election. Also they used people's data and that is disrepecting their privacy.

3.) Facebook is enabling the spread of misinformation related to world politics by targetting the people that are still deciding what side to take. Hence influencing the person's perspective on the matter. This could be really dangerous because a wrong leader could be voted and that would a political disaster.

4.) It is impossible to protect your personal information from applications such as Facebook because they have so many third party apps that collect user data and in their terms of service, it sometimes states that they collect your data so as along as you continue to use their app. In addition, to use some of the applications features, they require access to your device's camera and microphone which basically allows the app to use them even when you aren't intentionally using the features.

5.)
  In my opinion, the comment: "when an online service is free, you're not the customer. You're the product," is very true. I am for this statement because service will collect your data to sell it to other companies for advertising. In return, the companies send targetted adverts towards the user, enticing you to buy their product. This means that your data is a product for the company running that service to sell towards other companies. In addition, the online service is free because their main source of revuene is collecting and selling user data. Today, free services make more profit than one-time pay services because of the large amount of users on the service, translating to more data being collected. For example, many Google web services are free so they attract a large user base and in return, Google gets their data to sell to the advertisers. This is why Google is such a big company with a large revenue. In conclusion, free services bring profit through collecting user data, therefore the comment "when an online service is free, you're not the customer. You're the product," is an valid arguement.
